grow one minute woman okay stock
strategy what's gonna go on give me the
play-by-play Barry gonna be we're gonna
be I'm gonna a copy the last three sets
those guys are got a couple of us and
we're gonna put them together he's gonna
put them on battle in and we're gonna
get the second the second piece on the
bottom no donkey for what agra what if
it's a square we're boy what if it's a
survey a time to get serious Apple art
is taking you so you can see Leonard is
very viciously hitting that refresh
button yo Carly this computer sucks
that's why I'm we're all ye to do Chrome
you're doing okay I can't think of the
castle there's anything going on
Facebook very what's going on YouTube to
the world you through yeah facebook it's
quite a starcraft urge calm anything
Carlos is obviously the weak link
they're gonna have to pull together if
they want that beta key oh wow good
thing is everybody sucks obviously no
nacho an accomplished good thing is they
could review this video later on just
find out their faults watch their
technique like a football team will
clock will clock reaction times you put
it online you get like a thousand views
from China people improve in their game
watching the competition I'm sure we
could get does the hits with this if I
upload let's do it it's part of YouTube
because every time they comment one of
those pictures there's like 500 comments
within two minutes so i'll just put
links people just start watch out all
right we're gonna do this it's going on
you'd are you still recording I'm still
recording guys it's for 16 and nothing's
happening is happening
thank you go get ready I think the
joke's on you guys I know well all shit
off fuck they're back with its reverse
selinux working by yourself here he's
lost his partner man down fuck what the
fuck is that what Jay Oh clean blue
nobody's is this is a fucking joke is it
is yo I do the ship backwards I did it
pretty fast I guess post-interview fuck
this